chore: update s3 options for copy (#662)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/en/v0.4/reference/sql/copy.md

`TO` specifies the file path and name to save the exported
data (`/xxx/xxx/output.parquet` in this case).

### `WITH` Option

`WITH` adds options such as the file `FORMAT` which specifies the format of the exported file. In this example, the format is Parquet; it is a columnar storage format used for big data processing. Parquet efficiently compresses and encodes columnar data for big data analytics.

| Option  | Description  | Required |
|---|---|---|
| `FORMAT` | Target file(s) format, e.g., JSON, CSV, Parquet  | **Required** |

### `CONNECTION` Option

> `COPY TO` supports export data to cloud storages like S3. See [connect-to-s3](#connect-to-s3) for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`COPY TO` supports exporting data to cloud storage services like S3. See [connect-to-s3](#connect-to-s3) for more detail.
```

COPY tbl FROM '/path/to/folder/xxx.parquet' WITH (FORMAT = 'parquet');
```

| Option  | Description  | Required |
|---|---|---|
| `FORMAT` | Target file(s) format, e.g., JSON, CSV, Parquet  | **Required** |
| `PATTERN` | Use regex to match files. e.g., `*_today.parquet` | Optional |

### `CONNECTION` Option

> `COPY FROM` also supports import data from cloud storages like S3. See [connect-to-s3](#connect-to-s3) for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`COPY FROM` also supports importing data from cloud storage services like S3. See [connect-to-s3](#connect-to-s3) for more detail.
```
